#6: make Jbrowse wrapper into a package (#15)
overture-stack/dms-jbrowse-components: README.md

# DMS Jbrowse Components

> This package contains a DMS component that makes requests to Song and Score, then displays a Jbrowse visualization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package provides React components that use [JBrowse](https://jbrowse.org/jb2/) to visualize VCF and BAM files sourced from [Song](https://github.com/overture-stack/song) and [Score](https://github.com/overture-stack/score) data repositories. It has been built for use in the [DMS UI](https://github.com/overture-stack/dms-ui) as an optional visualization tool.
```

Reviewer: Would also be worth documenting which versions of the song and score services this was built for. A section for dependencies where we list target versions of node, song, score,  might be nice.

Consider also adding a section on how to run this standalone and provide it test data.
